remove version from provided url (#13770)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-install/unity.mdx

Install the package via the [Unity Package Manager using a Git URL](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui-giturl.html) to Sentry's SDK repository:

```
https://github.com/getsentry/unity.git
```

> If you want to use a specific version of the SDK, you can append `#{{@inject packages.version('sentry.dotnet.unity', '0.0.5') }}` with the version you want to use to the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a specific version of the SDK, append `#{{@inject packages.version('sentry.dotnet.unity', '0.0.5') }}` to the URL, replacing '0.0.5' with the desired version.
```
